hey guys Joe Tunney at infinity of
Kirkland with this good-looking 2007
Ford Mustang now being right next door
to a Ford dealership we tend not to keep
that many Ford trade-ins unless they're
exceptionally nice and of course this
one is exceptionally nice as beautiful
Mustang has a 6 cylinder engine that
puts out not only 210 horsepower but
enjoys a fantastic 28 miles per gallon
on the freeway making it one of the most
economical sports cars on the road now
this has the pony package so it has the
appearance package in the front the old
days they used to call this the
California front end with the integrated
lamps right into the grower and then all
monochromatic or one color paint scheme
with the Mustang graphics on the lower
brake kind of a throwback wheel the old
twerk thrust wheel that was all the rage
in the 70s and 80s making a comeback
these days as what is old is new again
the Mustang also has that wonderful
throwback interior aggressive steering
classic gauges this has the shaker 500
stereo system so you're definitely going
to be able to rock and roll as you blast
down the road nice soft leather still
looks very very fresh all power seats
heated seats the shifter shifts nice and
tight the steering wheel looks fresh and
new the leathers all fresh and new
interior still looks feel smells
fantastic
and then as we walk around the outside
everything still looks great beautiful
dark graphite gray into exterior to go
with that black leather interior rear
wing the cool wheels nice graphics not a
lot of money but an abundance of power
and even more style to go with that this
is a fun car you're going to enjoy this
one quite a lot
you